Update on October 2nd, 2025:

Thanks L'équipe de LCI École de langues,

Your attitude feels nice, but not from the facilitator you mentioned.

I don't want to mention his name, and please remove his name from your message to avoid any bothers to him out of work?

What I have received from him were all the encouraging and blessing messages, like, -Don't worry my dear, we are always here to help. -Leave it to us, we'll get it solved soon. -Wish you a refreshing holiday, rechargable, sth, sth.🥲 And with emojis, he used a lot of emojis to reply after I told him that I had to cancel the trip and need the refund, and my round flights non-refundable.

I'm not in the mood to argue, I share only the facts. No one could lie publically on Google Platform.

I suspect you or your team might not be updated with the whole context of the emails communication? Maybe some mis-information delivered in between? I trust you anyway, your language school was recommended by my friends in Montreal. You feel friendly.

And your facilitator looks obviously misusing his dominating position to deprive my right of learning French? That's not recommended by Charter of the French Language ? I need to learn French communicating for work.

I'm sorry, I'm in no mood to go out for holiday. It's here, I'm in my holidays, but no mood to play. I'll have some sleep.

--------------------------------------

I booked 3 weeks French language courses through LCI Language School's website and made full payment plus accommodation on August 5th, 2025. Facilitator from LCI Language School confirmed receiving of my order from email.

Facilitatior queried if I had purchased medical insurance, I confirmed and provided the document from insurance company.

Facilitator didn't provide any confirmation document then.

I pushed on August 17th, because I needed the language courses confirmation for American transition visa application. My flights had a stop in SF international airport before heading to Montreal.

Facilitator asked me to wait.

I got a refusal from the US consulate in Guangzhou on August 28th due to failing to present enough evidence to support my flights scheduling via SF airport.

I asked refunding from my facilitator of LCI Language School the same day.

And I initiated my flights cancelling, I get only CAD 103.3 in return from flights refunding, the loss from the deal was a lot to me.

Facilitator confirmed refunding in process on September 4th.

I waited for 20 days, queried again yesterday, my facilitator replied that it's in process.

The bank account to receive refund I provided is an international bank in HK, not a lot of reasons not to see my money wired over successfully if the wiring being submitted 3-4 days before? Or I could file a report against my bank account manager to HKMA?

I would applogize sincerely if my wording or attitudes felt any offending or any violation to the conventions in Quebec or LCI Language School only?

Would you share where I could imporve? Thanks.